Update commands used to uninstall templates (#1322)
QubesOS/qubes-doc: user/templates/templates.md

## Uninstalling

> To remove a template, the graphical `Qube Manager` (Qubes Menu > Qubes Tools > Qube Manager) may be used. Right-click the template to be uninstalled and click "Delete qube" to begin removal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove a template, the graphical `Qube Manager` (Qubes Menu > Qubes Tools > Qube Manager) may be used. Right-click the template to be uninstalled and click "Delete qube". You will be asked to type the template name in a prompt to confirm the deletion.
```

Author: I feel that mentioning the "typed confirmation" dialog requires mentioning the "issues" dialog as the issues will terminate the workflow before the confirmation dialog appears. An optional fourth patch was added. Thank you.

The procedure for uninstalling a template depends on how it was created.

If the template was originally created by cloning another template, then you can
delete it the same way as you would any other qube. In the Qube Manager,
right-click on the template and select **Delete qube**. (If you're not sure,

> you can safely try this method first to see if it works.)

Reviewer 2: Do you want to mention `qvm-remove`?

Reviewer: I'm not sure it would be worth mentioning `qvm-remote`. The documention gives one path that suits every user: using the GUI.

For advanced users, I wonder if a list of Qubes OS specific commands and tooling exist somewhere? This class of user may want to seek that kind of information when dealing with a problem in order to automate it or run in the console. That's why I don't think it's worth a mention here.

If, on the other hand, the template came pre-installed or was installed through
a template package in dom0 using the instructions [above](#installing), then you

> must execute the following commands in dom0 in order to uninstall it.

Reviewer 2: ` template package` is pretty clumsy - most users wont know that they are using packages.
Why not just say - or was installed using `qvm-template` or the GUI tool  ? ( The installation section needs to be rewritten to reflect this.)

List the installed templates:
```

> $ qvm-template list --installed | awk 'NR>1 {print $1}'

Reviewer 2: The awk statement doesnt work as you hope to suppress the "Installed" line.
In any case, I would prefer not to use it at all - we dont want users to blindly follow code, and the output from `qvm-template list --installed` is understandable as it is.

> $ qvm-template list --installed | awk -F " " '{print $1}'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ qvm-template list --installed | awk 'NF==3 {print $1}'
```

the default field separator is a whitespace, so no need to add `-F " "`. In addition, `qvm-template list --installed` adds a `Template installed` at the end of its output when piping into a command (and without a pipe, it's the first line :thinking: ), so this could be hidden by displaying lines with 3 fields with `NF == 3`, or using an extra `grep -v ^Installed`.

Author: Thank you for confirming the moving "Template installed" title. This patch:
https://github.com/QubesOS/qubes-core-admin-client/pull/245
should resolve it allowing a simpler awk command. Your suggestions helped here.

Reviewer: nice, it would even be better to not display the header if you use `--installed` or `--available` because that's not really useful in the output, but it seems to be more work than your fix.

With that change `| awk 'NR>1 { print $1 }'` should work to discard the first line.

Author: Added the pattern to skip outputting the redundant title. Thank you for the review.
